Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Okay, now, in the last lecture, we created this function which we record upload to storage.
Okay.
Now, what you are simply saying is, if all this fields are valid, then once you create the user,
which user it would email password, then as well we once to upload the image to the storage and as
well we want to add others fields.
Okay.
Now over here, this is a function, right?
And this is where we created it at the top.
Okay.
Now over here, what I simply said is, first of all, we said fabulous stories that rather than chide,
this child is referring to the photo.
So we created it for the course of, I think, with all our images, even though we thought that in
this child is the name of I wish I said the animal defy is going to be the user.
Okay.
And over here we are just uploading the image.
That is a little pig image, right?
By using the raft to put data, that is this riff raff that puts data.
Then over here we are waiting for the upload.
Right?
Then over here we said Snap our services and I've got a graph that gets you over how we are getting
the URL.
The reason for this is because we are also going to upload the you are held over this.
Okay.
And over here we are similar.
It's on the URL.
Okay, great.
So now we can also say this is a type of string and you can create a array which is the this.
So you can set the load here also.
Okay.
It's going to be cool to do that because as with this.
Okay, now the next thing we're going to do now is to pass it.
I right.
So now we're going to pass it to the files to database.
So now, Nicolas.
Image.
Right is going to be equal to the load.
You have a hill.
Okay.
Great.
So we need more.
Okay.
Now the nets they are going to do now if we should use control.
And B, you can see two aspects that another one will fail because we passed it to the we pass on the
additional fields to the sign up user that says the image.
That is an image which is a type of eight U.S. attorneys, which is also a tie.
This is also is it also a type of guy?
Okay.
So now it suspects another additional field.
So we are going to go now to we are raising the site of.
Our control would be to make this wide.
Okay.
Now less.
We're just going to click on this and that's it.
So yeah, we have this in the area that you can see right away.
You can see five position arguments.
But what for all these phones?
So they are missing just one.
So now what they're going to do is we're.
I'm going to have to try and accommodate the fans and the.
Image.
So.
So that aspect, I'm image wise.
So this is going to be on the score.
Image that.
Because you just look just like this.
I think this is just what we need.
Okay.
Now, what I'm going to do now is two or three stages.
So also autosave those on suit phase.
Okay.
Whereby if you don't know what this image is, this one is quite image.
And what we had earlier created a clever way because of this image to store the image.
So that is a perfect image we are passing on to that.
That is the victim we posting on over here.
You can see the type of you it is, which is a type of PHI.
Okay.
Grids.
Know you're going to try this out.
Okay.
I'm going to go to the sign up.
First of all, we're going to take an image.
Okay.
This.
And I'm going to create an account.
So this is going to be we're going to call this.
Says.
This is a.
Isn't the use of space tests is a that is what is name.
The user name of the test is a.
Okay.
The email is going to be a test.
Is it Gmail?
It's called.
And the password.
You can just use the E.
Yeah, I see.
Okay.
Now we are going to click on register.
We're kind of local to our seminar in the Balkans, so to see what is going on over there.
Okay.
The War Council.
I think this is the creative.
Okay.
It should be done by now, but I'm thinking about it.
So I'm just going to first navigate to the rules.
Then I would get back to.
The data.
Okay.
Still not done.
If not, we have space to print out the user.
Okay.
We're just going to click on this again.
With words.
Okay.
Now for some reasons, I think I'm having network issues.
So is finding it difficult to secure the user?
But by now use was created.
If you have a very strong network, then as well you're going to see a new user of a with the profile
image as well or the storage.
You're going to see that it is going to check if it is already.
But I know several years is the user has not been created.
Well, you're going to see a new.
Okay, great.
I think it's created.
It was the fourth chick.
Okay, great.
The test user is available now.
Then you can see.
Okay.
You can see now.
Four days created.
Now you can see the 4:00, four five takes was created.
Then you can see now the name of the fire is going to be the user.
Heidi, you can see it.
You can click on this.
Now you can see the uploaded image, depict image.
Okay, then over here you can look for the UID.
It ends with a one, so you can look for the ad that ends with one.
Okay, so this is it.
Okay.
Now you can see the image.
In Malawi, we said we wanted to get the health of God's image.
But we're going to show you this.
I'm going to talk to the ranch.
Okay.
Later he said, once you get it, once you get the you know, once you get to your health care.
So we said get out of the area.
So by doing that, you got into it.
Jarrell Then when I returned in it and over sudden I simply passed in that other field.
So we created a record and then we are standing next to the immeasurable goods.
Okay.
Right.
Well, there is implicit order created to create a food accord provided by these indirect goods tied
to the name of the buyer is going to be.
These are your ideas.
So this is exactly what you are just saying.
So you can see this.
Why I really got this?
Because I believe if you can get time, you kind of create all this.
Okay.
Great.
With.
For over a year.
We've proscriptive function here and we are using it up.
All right.
So we are simply saying before this is an authority, we want to create these ideas or to upload the
user interface to the faster, better days and also get to your real hope that we should at least open
upload in the fab is a faster and faster database.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next picture.